docs/getting-started/join-club.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Joining a Club

Learn how to join an existing flight club on Air Boss.

## Finding Your Club

If your club already uses Air Boss:

1. Ask your club admin for the **club name** or **invite link**
2. Open the Air Boss app
3. Tap **Join Club** on the home screen
4. Search for your club by name or enter the invite code

## Requesting Membership

1. Select your club from the search results
2. Tap **Request to Join**
3. Your request will be sent to the club admin for approval

:::note
Some clubs require admin approval before you can access club features. You'll receive a notification when your request is approved.
:::

## After Approval

Once approved, you'll be able to:

- View the club's aircraft fleet
- See the flight schedule
- Book available aircraft
- Log your flights
- Report squawks

## Document Verification

Your club admin may need to verify your pilot documents before you can book aircraft. Make sure to:

1. Upload all required documents in your profile
2. Ensure documents are current and legible
3. Wait for admin verification (you'll see a ✓ when verified)

## Multiple Clubs

You can be a member of multiple clubs! Tap the club switcher at the top of the app to switch between clubs.

Commit message:

Expand docs into mobile/web/admin user guides

docs/getting-started/join-club.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Joining a Club

Learn how to join an existing flight club on Air Boss.

## Finding Your Club

If your club already uses Air Boss:

1. Ask your club admin for the **club name** or **invite link**
2. Open the Air Boss app
3. Tap **Join Club** on the home screen
4. Search for your club by name or enter the invite code

On web, you may also be asked for a **club key** and **club password** provided by your admin.

## Requesting Membership

1. Select your club from the search results
2. Tap **Request to Join**
3. Your request will be sent to the club admin for approval

:::note
Some clubs require admin approval before you can access club features. You'll receive a notification when your request is approved.
:::

If your account is still pending, you may see a dedicated **Pending Approval** screen until an admin activates your membership.

## After Approval

Once approved, you'll be able to:

- View the club's aircraft fleet
- See the flight schedule
- Book available aircraft
- Log your flights
- Report squawks

## Document Verification

Your club admin may need to verify your pilot documents before you can book aircraft. Make sure to:

1. Upload all required documents in your profile
2. Ensure documents are current and legible
3. Wait for admin verification (you'll see a ✓ when verified)

## Multiple Clubs

You can be a member of multiple clubs! Tap the club switcher at the top of the app to switch between clubs.
