docs/admin/create-club.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Creating a Club

Start a new flight club on Air Boss.

## Before You Begin

You'll need:
- An Air Boss account
- Your club's basic information
- (Optional) Club logo image

## Create Your Club

1. Log in to Air Boss
2. From the home screen, tap **Create Club**
3. Enter your club details:
   - **Club Name** — Your official club name
   - **Description** — Brief description of your club
   - **Location** — Home airport or region
   - **Logo** — Upload your club logo (optional)

4. Tap **Create Club**

You'll automatically become the club admin.

## Initial Setup

After creating your club, set up:

### 1. Required Documents

Configure which pilot documents your club requires:
- Pilot Certificate
- Medical Certificate
- Government ID
- BFR (Biennial Flight Review)
- Insurance
- Custom requirements

### 2. Add Aircraft

Add your fleet:
1. Go to **Aircraft** → **Add Aircraft**
2. Enter aircraft details (tail number, make/model, etc.)
3. Upload photos
4. Set initial Hobbs/Tach readings

### 3. Invite Members

Share your club with pilots:
- Send them your club name to search for
- Share an invite link (coming soon)

## Club Settings

Access club settings to configure:
- Booking rules and restrictions
- Notification preferences
- Billing settings (if applicable)

## Need Help?

Contact support if you need assistance setting up your club.

Commit message:

docs: bundle onboarding, admin/web/mobile guides, logo, and screenshot checklist (#4)

docs/admin/create-club.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Creating a Club

Start a new flight club on Air Boss.

## Where to Create a Club

New club setup is done on the **website** only.

- Open [www.air-boss.club](https://www.air-boss.club)
- Sign in and use the create-club flow from the web onboarding path

## Before You Begin

You'll need:
- An Air Boss account
- Your club's basic information
- (Optional) Club logo image

## Create Your Club

1. Log in at [www.air-boss.club](https://www.air-boss.club)
2. Choose **Create a new club**
3. Enter your club details:
   - **Club Name** — Your official club name
   - **Home Airport** — Primary airport code (recommended)
   - **Club Key / Club Password** — Access credentials for member join flow
   - **Logo** — Upload your club logo (optional)

4. Tap **Create Club**

You'll automatically become the club admin.

## Initial Setup

After creating your club, set up:

### 1. Required Documents

Configure which pilot documents your club requires:
- Pilot Certificate
- Medical Certificate
- Government ID
- BFR (Biennial Flight Review)
- Insurance
- Custom requirements

### 2. Add Aircraft

Add your fleet:
1. Go to **Aircraft** → **Add Aircraft**
2. Enter aircraft details (tail number, make/model, etc.)
3. Upload photos
4. Set initial Hobbs/Tach readings

### 3. Invite Members

Share your club with pilots:
- Share your **club key**
- Share your **club password** securely

## Club Settings

Access club settings to configure:
- Booking rules and restrictions
- Notification preferences
- Billing settings (if applicable)

## Need Help?

Contact support if you need assistance setting up your club.
